{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green255\blue6;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50700\viewh19680\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 grading:\
	basic:\
\cf2 	
\f1\b \cf3 1. real data
\f0\b0  X\

\f1\b 	2. SQL
\f0\b0 : Create (create a new case, add new address or block) X\
	
\f1\b 3. SQL
\f0\b0 : Read (from search) X\
	
\f1\b 4. SQL:
\f0\b0  Update (add case, update blocks/addresses) X\
	
\f1\b 5. SQL:
\f0\b0  Delete (remove cases w/ netid) X\
	\cf0 \
\
	6. SQL: "Interesting Queries" (search w/ join - use "interesting queries" from cp4, put on a new page w/ buttons to execute)\
	\
\
	
\f1\b \cf3 7a. AF1 - usefulness:  DONE
\f0\b0 \
		shows people covid hotspots by number of cases \
	
\f1\b 7b. AF1 - stored procedures/triggers/functions
\f0\b0 : 
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		triggers on create and delete to group cases into blocks ("prepare" data) \
	
\f1\b 7c. AF1 - technically challenging: DONE\
		
\f0\b0 using triggers for SQL DB to update multiple tables, working with maps API to parse addresses + create "block_id", integrating SQL queries in bubble chart was hard \

\f1\b 	7d. AF1 - creative or novel:
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		groups cases into block, creates a way to see which "areas" of campus have the most cases, haven't seen that at UIUC  \
	
\f1\b 8a. AF2 - NoSQL: Create
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		Add address to "Complaints" collection on first complaint\

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
	8b. AF2 - NoSQL: Read
\f0\b0 \
		current - map showing # violations, going to replace w/ search page for violations\

\f1\b \
\
	\cf3 8c. AF2 - NoSQL: Update DONE
\f0\b0 \
		add new violation to an existing address\

\f1\b \cf0 	\
\
	8d. AF2 - NoSQL: Delete (TBD)
\f0\b0 \
\
\
\
	
\f1\b \cf3 8e. AF2 - Why Mongo?
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		To store array of freetext complaints - dynamic sized array\
	
\f1\b 8f. AF2- Integration
\f0\b0 : 
\f1\b DONE (CAN IMPROVE)
\f0\b0 \
		through Bubble chart, shows # violations at address w/ case. challenging to weave both SQL and MongoDB query results into bubble chart\
\cf0 \
\
\
	
\f1\b \cf3 8g. AF2 - usefulness:
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		people can check if a restaurant/other business they want to visit hasn't been following covid restrictions \
	
\f1\b 8h. AF2
\f0\b0  
\f1\b - technically challenging:
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		using MongoDB, figuring out how to parse freetext complaints (sentiment analysis), how to integrate it with SQL in bubble chart \

\f1\b 	8i. AF2 - creative or novel:
\f0\b0  
\f1\b DONE
\f0\b0 \
		no one else has this \

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\
\
	9. EC: link to app 
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b 	10. Link to source code 
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b 	11. Final report
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b 	12. Demo video}